hey what's up Brazil here and we're
still in Agatha song this is part two of
that mission we are currently in vault
92 going to head to the sound testing
part of this lab of the vault sorry
just a couple blowflies on the way oh
you have to pick this average lock door
to get to it unfortunately but if you've
been following this guide pretty much
verbatim your skills should be really
high and you shouldn't have a problem
down here the only difficult part coming
up well it's just a few more maar lurks
in the way when you go into sound
testing itself there's three Marr lurks
that you'll have to deal with but I'll
show you a way to get around that and
when you get down to the actual sound
studio itself I ran into a couple Marlar
hunters that you may or may not
depending on your level those are some
pretty tough sons of bitches
so when you as soon as you get through
this door I recommend you pop a stealth
boy right away
so that the guy down at the end of that
hallway will not see you and then if you
come over here to the right there's a
Marlar right here you can take him out
real easy you get a sneak attack
critical hit in his face and the other
Marr lurks on this level will not be
alerted to your presence as always
whenever you kill a Morlock steal their
meat um
HP you get from it is pretty good in the
red you take from eating it are um
pretty insignificant now I recommend you
save when you get down here do a hard
save I did and I got killed so I'm using
my frag mines now and frag grenades to
do whatever I can to get rid of these
Marlar hunters these are really really
tough guys to kill so I'm just trying to
bait them out I that was a bad throw
right there
I was like I put it this door to my
right where I just threw that mine
carelessly here's where the violin is
and the door to open it is right down
there at the end with that Marlin is
coming from so whatever it takes you're
going to have to take the both of these
guys out so I'm using a mix of
explosives fragments frag grenades and
when they get real close shotguns and
face now I got pretty close to kill
right here these guys are tough and they
can take a real deal and just like
regular marlax you really have to pick
these guys in their face to kill them
okay so down here is the computer to
open up the recording studio there's a
skill book to the right of this computer
but I guess might I have proct an
explosion in that room and it must have
moved it
so inside this room there's a safe on
the wall it's not much in it and the
violin is over there in the far back
right hand side of the room so pick that
up and we're going to go return that to
Agatha now you don't have to return this
thing to Agatha you can return it to
Abraham Washington and he'll pay you for
there's all kinds of stuff you can do
with this violin once you have it but
it's just worth it to give it back to
Agatha especially the sheet music so I'm
pretty much just hauling ass out of here
I don't want to deal with any more these
mirelurks there's too many of them if
you want to go through that level if
you're playing on an easier difficulty
or if you're on very hard and you just
feel like killing mirelurks because it's
fun
go ahead for the rest of this video I'm
just heading back to Agatha to give her
Becker violin and to get the mission
complete so I'll see you guys around in
the next mission
Oh oh my goodness gracious seems like
you've been gone forever please tell me
you have good news
oh my goodness
I must see it please oh my it's more
beautiful that I could have ever
imagined I can't thank you enough I wish
I had something to give you a more
suitable reward for all your efforts all
I can give you is the frequency to my
radio set tune in whenever you feel like
listening to the strains of an old
woman's violin playing
well well look what the cat dragged in
my word you actually found some real
music paper I didn't even think it
possible yet here it is you've really
outdone yourself this time I knew
getting the Stradivarius was a challenge
but this is just incredible this is all
too much you deserve more than just a
pat on the back well like I told you
before I don't have wealth out here in
the sticks but I can certainly provide
you something useful my husband left me
something else beside the radio setup I
think you'll find it useful it's his old
pistol he tinkered with it some and used
to practice with it all the time now I
want you to have it you're welcome just
keep it clean and repaired and it will
never let you down
now scoot I have to get cracking on this
music notation